the auto family have Cubs
[Music]
seeing Otto Cubs in the wild like this
is extremely rare
[Music]
Charlie counts six tiny Cubs a record
number making a grand total of fifteen
family members Diablo and his mates of
fear are certainly playing their part in
helping to maintain the survival of
giant otters in this part of the Amazon
but so many cups will be quite a handful
the family will certainly have their
work cut out keeping them out of danger
the first thing the Cubs need to learn
is how to swim
so this firmly outing is actually a
swimming lesson
strangely otter cubs don't actually
light water so lessons like this one are
essential
[Music]
there's one cup in particular who
catches the eye
not because he's muddier than the others
but because he really doesn't like the
water
[Music]
despite mums best efforts all he wants
to do is get back to the warmth and
security of the dead
[Music]
the other Cubs all seem to be enduring
their swimming lesson some even look
like they're starting to get the hang of
it but this little Cubs just not having
it so in the end there's nothing for it
such as just pick him up and dunk him in
the water
[Music]
as Cubs all of the otters here are given
names to help any scientist studying
them it seems fitting to give this cup a
name appropriate to Lake Salvador so
Charlie calls him Darlie
[Music]
even with the protection of a big family
the early months of a Cubs life can be
the most perilous learning to swim is
just the first danger to overcome
[Music]
only around a third of all these giant
otter cubs will make it to adulthood at
this age the Cubs tire easily so it's
not long before their swimming lesson is
over and they're taken back to the
warmth and safety of the den
[Music]